CASSANDRA-17264 - Content Update, Link fixes (#90)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog/Apache-Cassandra-Changelog-1-October-2020.adoc

== Release Notes
=== Released

The most current Apache Cassandra releases are 4.0-beta2, 3.11.8, 3.0.22, 2.2.18 and 2.1.22 released on August 31 and are xref:download.adoc[in the repositories]. The next cut of releases will be out soon. 

Join the Cassandra xref:community.adoc#discussions[mailing list] to stay updated.

We continue to make progress toward the 4.0 GA release with the overarching goal of it being at a state where major users should feel confident running it in production when it is cut. Over 1,300 Jira tickets have been closed and https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/CASSANDRA/versions/12346094[less than 100,window=_blank] remain as of this post. To gain this confidence, there are various ongoing testing efforts involving correctness, performance, and ease of use.

=== Added

> With CASSANDRA-15013, the community improved Cassandra's ability to xref:blog/Apache-Cassandra-Changelog-1-October-2020.adoc[handle high throughput workloads], while having enough safeguards in place to protect itself from potentially going out of memory.

Reviewer: Isn't this supposed to link to the "front door & backpressure" blog post?

```suggestion
With CASSANDRA-15013, the community improved Cassandra's ability to xref:blog/Improving-Apache-Cassandras-Front-Door-and-Backpressure.adoc[handle high throughput workloads], while having enough safeguards in place to protect itself from potentially going out of memory.

```
